Hello and welcome to euro football weekly,
a
show where we take a look at the betting lines
for the upcoming European football fixtures,
and joining us right now to lend us his expert
betting advice and to tell us where the value
lies, is Barrie from premiershiptips.com,
twitter handle @BarriesView
Barrie welcome
Playing for the Premier league is Chelsea
vs Newcastle.
After being the first to beat Man Coty at
home this season on Monday, Te Blues must
be feeling rather pleased with themselves
and are a big favourite in this match to win
priced at 1.29 with WillHill, whilst 8th place
Newcastle are priced at a long 12 with Corel.
So firstly, any chance of the upset here,
after all Newcastle beat Chelsea twice last
year, with he most recent win being back in
November where Chelsea failed to score?
Chelsea has only let in 20 goals this season,
the least from any team, but Newcastle have
a reasonable attack.
With
that on mind, are you swaying more towards
Chelsea keeping a clean sheet @ 1.8, or BTTS:
2.25?
Would you
take that bet?
The best value bet for me in this match has
to be Chelsea -2 on the Asian Handicap lines.
Home advantage, pocketed 43 goals over 23
games and the price is good at 2.25, plus
Newcastle defense isn't the greatest, letting
in 31 goals over 24 games.
Would you take it?
Another bet I like is Over 2.5: 1.66 -- low,
but combine that with a Chelsea win and you
have 1.8, not as high as I like it, but it
has some value.
What do you think?
We've discussed my bets Barrie, so what are
you taking for this match?
Barrie is from Premiershipstips.com, they
cover all the live games from the Premier
League.
You can also follow Barrie on twitter @barriesview
where he offers free picks Premier league
facts and stats each week.